My White against your Red.
It'll be a nice, fair fight.
One on one, you and me.
Agreed?
Agreed.
You're looking for
a nice, fair fight?
That doesn't sound like you.
Fine.
In that case, how 'bout we
both establish some rules?
Huh?
Don't do it, Red!
Ignore whatever he suggests!
We can do it your way,
if you prefer.
My way?
I don't feel like
suggesting the terms,
since your friend
doesn't trust me.
So you decide.
We stop running and take turns
firing Arrows at one another.
Huh?
You want us to plant our
feet within firing range
and take potshots at each other?
That's right.
One of us shoots while
the other one dodges?
We take turns and
close the distance
at every successful dodge?
Exactly.
For an idiot, that's
not a bad idea.
Our angels can still
cover our backs, right?
Absolutely, since
there's no telling
where your underling
actually went,
or what he might be up to.
[Kanade] I'd say the same
goes for your walking dead,
and that she-cat.
[pained grunt]
Red, please...
If you can somehow
incapacitate him
with one of your Red Arrows,
I'm willing to step in
and deal the final blow.
You and I have entirely
different ideas about this.
Not killing him is something
that would make you happy.
But for me, killing him
with my own two hands
would give me
great satisfaction.
I doubt you'd
understand, though.
No, I do.
Enough already!
Let's get started.
I just want to say,
I don't believe it's necessary
to have this confrontation here.
Keep your opinions to yourself.
Fine.
Careful, Mirai.
It's White against Red.
A nice, fair fight, if
he sticks to the rules.
One thing, Red.
We have to decide
who attacks first.
Heads, it's me, tails, it's you.
Fine, whatever you want.
[startled gasp]
Sneak attack!
I was just warming up.
[opening theme music]
Okay, now it's your turn.
You want to come closer?
Five meters should be fine.
Get ready and take your shot.
[stunned breath]
You parried instead of flying!
Of course.
There's no point if I just fly
away to avoid your attacks.
Did I misunderstand?
Doesn't 'plant our
feet' mean no flying,
so we can settle this?
Come on now.
Didn't that even occur to you?
Why did you even suggest
the rule in the first place?
Or did you think you
were the only one
who'd be able to deflect Arrows?
Don't underestimate me.
There's nothing you
can do that I can't.
There's no department in
which I'm inferior to you.
Do you understand
what that means?
Challenging me is useless.
There isn't a human
who can beat me,
not you, or anybody like you.
You...
You think you've already
become God, don't you?
God?
The Lord God.
I like the sound of that.
Oh, wow!
Thank you, brother!
You remembered the
promise you made!
Of course.
My research team came up with
a biological breakthrough.
These flowers will never wilt.
They'll stay beautiful
like this forever.
[happy giggles]
Fantastic.
It's so pretty in here.
It's like a dream.
I'm so happy!
[Kanade] You like it?
It's the best!
It's amazing, you always
make my wishes come true.
You're my God.
Your God?
Really?
In that case, Rea, you're my
beautiful, adorable angel.
[quick giggle]
Beautiful things
make people happy.
But those things don't
necessarily happen by accident.
Things like these
flowers can be created
if you have enough money.
In Rea's case, her body
and mind are beautiful
because she was born
into a wealthy family,
and grew up surrounded by
things that made her happy.
She's been untouched by the
filth that exists in this world.
Our relationship is
beautiful as well.
A wealthy person's
refined environment
makes them a refined person.
They are given the very best,
they receive the best education,
and they become
even more beautiful.
But they must be protected
from the ugliness
which comes from
poverty and filth
in order to maintain
that beauty.
The saying "It's okay to be poor
"as long as your heart is
true" is pure sophistry.
Poverty creates
only filthy things.
It taints the body
and fouls the mind.
That which is ugly can
only produce ugliness.
Humans love beauty
and beautiful things.
That's how we truly feel.
Brother.
Hm?
What is it?
I have something good
to tell you about.
Yesterday, a boy told me
he has feelings for me.
[surprise gasp]
And you know what?
I'm actually thinking
about going out with him.
[small giggle]
[horrified gasp]
She'll be tainted!
It's too easy to stray
from the right path.
I'm the one who's refined
Rea's beauty up to now.
What'll happen to our perfect
and beautiful
sibling relationship?
What's the matter?
I can't allow it.
You're too young.
Huh?
[intimidating breath]
[fright breath]
But Brother...
He's a very nice person.
I mean, if you met him,
I'm sure you'd like him.
I was right.
Everything's already
falling apart!
Stop, Rea!
Let go!
Rea...
Please try to understand.
No... No!
[Kanade] Rea!
No!
Let me go!
[thud]
Rea!
Are you alright?
Rea...
Huh?
What is it?
I feel totally fine.
Oh, I feel dizzy.
Rea?
I think she's got a
cerebral contusion!
Shit, I've got to
call an ambulance!
I need to, but, if
she were to die,
no-one would be
able to defile her.
She'd be young and
beautiful forever.
[somber instrumental music]
The contents of your coffin
will never be exposed.
You'll be beautiful forever
Unsoiled forever.
14 years old forever.
[sniffling]
Even so, I'd rather she
was still here, alive.
Maybe, the best way
forward is to join Rea.
You are the heir
to an incredibly
wealthy business conglomerate.
A person who is true
to his own desires.
You are sad because you have
lost someone important to you.
There is only one way
you can see her again.
You must become God,
so you have the power to turn
your loved one into an angel.
My goal is clear.
No matter what...
I will become God!
I don't have all day.
It's your turn next.
Let's finish this up.
[murmurs of crowd]
[Man A] Look, it's Metropoliman.
He's fighting again.
[Woman] What an
elaborate production.
They spent a fortune
on the special effects.
[Man] No, no, no, it's for real.
Just like at the
stadium and the tower.
[Woman] How are
we able to see it?
[Man B] It's being
streamed online.
[Man C] Why are
they censoring it?
[Man D] So we can't
figure out the location.
They're still at
the amusement park!
Piece of cake!
[Revel] They're closing
in on each other.
[Baret] Right.
There's less than 20
meters between them.
[Revel] Any closer and
someone's sure to get hit.
Mirai...
If we keep closing the
distance like this,
it'll become a contest
of reaction speed.
What's the hold-up?
It's your turn.
It doesn't matter
what you do, though.
I will become God.
[Mirai] No way.
I won't let there be a
world where you're God.
Why are you so pessimistic?
Sure, you'll be dead,
but the world might
become a better place.
Like hell it will!
It'll change, but there's no
way it'll be for the better.
You want divine power
just so you can satisfy
your own desires.
You're not concerned
in the least
about what's best for the world.
You know what?
That's where you're
wrong, old man.
The truth is, I did think about
what would make the
world a better place.
But I stopped when I
realized it was hopeless.
I could never convince
enough people to agree
on what needed to happen.
On top of which, how do
you get them to believe
in something as
unrealistic as God?
Or even in the angels we
see flying around here.
We don't really know for
sure that they are angels.
They could be nothing but
a mirage, or super weapons,
or extraterrestrials, who knows?
The fact is, only the
chosen can see them,
and know that they
possess special powers.
[Man B] Angels?
[Man C] What's he
babbling about?
Alright, about time.
Might as well get it all out.
Everyone needs to
know about this,
and he's the perfect spokesman.
[Hoshi] Do we know
their location yet?
[Member A] We're working on it.
There are multiple
layers of security
we're trying to break through.
What do you think's
going on here?
From what we saw at the
stadium and the Grand Tower,
this Metropoliman character
seems to be the mastermind
behind this entire
series of incidents.
What's he trying to achieve?
First God, now angels.
There must be a hidden message
somewhere within this footage.
I was chosen as a
God-candidate by my angel,
for reasons I don't
really understand.
But she saw something in
me that intrigued her,
so I must deserve these powers.
If you're like the rest of us,
you must have lost all hope
over something
important in your life.
What hope did your
angel offer you?
[startled gasp]
As if I'd ever tell
you that, you idiot!
If you're trying to distract
so Red can shoot me,
you're doing a decent
job for a she-cat.
But you can shut up now
'cause I'm going to kill you.
She wasn't trying
to distract you.
She simply asked
out of kindness.
I'm fighting fairly,
as I said I would.
Let's see if you can defend
fairly against this Arrow,
from this distance!
He was just able to parry it.
It was a pretty aggressive shot.
Blocking it must have hurt.
Red, don't let him provoke you!
He'll cheat and
break all the rules!
There's no reason for
you to fight fairly!
What are you talking about?
I stood my ground, as agreed.
So now, according to the rules,
you need to deflect
my Arrow, right, Red?
Can I do that from
this distance?
If you use your Wings, or
move your feet, you lose.
He's too close to react in time.
But it might be easier
to read his movements
from this distance.
I'm ready for him.
Wait.
Before you shoot,
tell me something.
I don't actually
want to become God.
And I have no idea
what kind of world
would be best for people
to live in, either.
So what's your plan?
What kind of world
would you create
for the people who
live on this planet?
I mean, if the world wouldn't
become a terrible place.
Don't do this, Yellow!
Exactly what are
you saying, she-cat?
Are you asking me to spare you
in exchange for standing aside
and letting me become God?
Or are you trying to make a
deal to save your beloved Red?
You can't reach him.
He has no respect for life.
He's killed numerous
people already.
And he can't become God
without paying for that.
That's true.
Don't act so high and mighty.
No matter how many
people I kill,
every one of them is
deserving of death.
It's divine punishment.
Justice served.
If God exists, of course.
If an absolute entity who
stands above all others
is really in charge
of the universe,
then I'm simply best suited
to occupy that position.
If you agree, you
should kneel before me.
You're so full of yourself.
Nice try.
Apparently you were trying to
fake a gap in your defenses.
But it won't work.
I know how you think.
And I'm starting to
understand you, as well.
You really believe
you're the chosen one.
It's more than a
personal opinion.
I am special.
There's no such
thing as 'special'.
Among humans, there's
no superior or inferior!
Are you one of those guys?
One of the "have-nots"
who never received
a proper education,
with no friends, like Hajime?
Looks like I'm right.
You can't accept
that I've been chosen
because you're stupid.
You grew up in a
terrible environment.
You never had any opportunities,
or exposure to nice things.
The lower classes don't
understand exceptional souls.
You're exactly like Hajime.
No wonder you annoy me so much.
Alright, then.
You're so eager to know
how I'll run things
when I'm in charge?
Before I kill you, let
me give you a preview.
Once I'm God,
everything in this twisted
world will be different!
I'll eliminate disparities
in every society.
I'll eliminate poverty
and inequality.
I'll create a world
where everyone can
live a life of luxury!
[applause]
Is he serious?
He'd make everybody equal?
What?
[stunned breaths]
Don't be so surprised.
It's a simple process.
I would just need to get
rid of people like Hajime.
They're parasites
living of our taxes.
I'd make it a priority
to purge the world
of all the trash who
lead carefree lives,
while depending on
welfare, donations,
and the work of volunteers.
What are you talking about?
I'm saying the wealth
gap would vanish
once poor people
are exterminated.
It's unjust to force the wealthy
to provide endless
resources to the poor
and feed them all without
getting anything in return.
Equality means no-one
gets special treatment.
The shameless people who
receive pity and charity
in the name of equality,
should all die.
[murmurs of confusion]
What?
How awful!
Wait, is he serious?
That's discrimination!
That's your plan for the world?
Can he do that?
He can.
Several conditions
have to be met,
but if he becomes God,
then it's possible.
That's right.
If I become God.
Regardless of the
circumstances of one's birth,
everyone has the
right to happiness.
Yeah!
They have that right,
but not the ability!
Instead, some of them
cling to the legs of others
and drag those people down!
For those forced
to assist strangers
to whom they have no connection,
your words are empty platitudes!
The excuses of an idiot
brainwashed by false morality!
You...
You don't have the
right to take away
people's potential
for happiness.
Why? Because a small percentage
are able to rise out of poverty?
It's not very likely.
People born into
wealthy families
have a much better chance
of finding physical
and emotional fulfillment
in their lives.
It's a simple equation.
Beautiful people make
beautiful people.
Ugly pigs make ugly pigs.
I'm tired of living in a world
where you can't speak the truth
unless you do it behind
some kind of mask.
Do you understand?
Hajime's a good example.
Because he was born
to inferior parents,
he was forced to
live an ugly life.
Even after he acquired a Red
Arrow, he was still an idiot.
Ultimately, in his
search for acceptance,
he longed for beauty and got
all that cosmetic surgery done.
It made me want to puke!
Nothing disgusts me
more than cockroaches
trying to lift themselves up!
So even if they're wealthy,
I'll be eliminating
the ugly, as well.
I once asked a
friend what he'd want
if he could be granted
any wish at all.
He didn't hesitate.
He said, "I'd want
to be obscenely rich.
"Oh, and one other thing,
"I'd want all ugly
girls to disappear."
There you have it.
That's how people truly feel.
It's, it's Kanade!
A planet full of only
beautiful people,
where everyone is wealthy.
That's the world I want.
Sounds good!
Are you stupid?
Looks like I'm a dead woman.
[Customer] I say
'Well put, God!'
Do we get to choose?
Get rid of my wife!
No wonder Meyza chose
him as her candidate.
He's pretty extreme.
We'll need servants, though.
So even if they're lower-class,
if they're good-looking,
we'll keep 'em around as slaves.
She-Cat...
If I become God, I'll
let you lick my boots.
Actually, you can
do that right now.
Come on over.
You bastard!
A world without
inequality, my ass.
Everything you have to say is...
Shut your mouth, old man.
Hurry up and die already.
Have you finished
giving your speech?
Five meters.
It's my turn.
Well, now, you've taken on
a much more serious tone.
You can come closer if you want.
This is as close
as we agreed to.
Five meters.
Although I never
expected from the start
that you'd honor any
of those agreements.
Yeah, but you will,
because you're so stupid.
Mirai...
What seems to be
the problem, Red?
Did you just realize that you're
going to lose if you shoot?
You see, the moment you
fire your Red Arrow,
I'm gonna fire my White.
[small nervous breaths]
Even if he's struck
by the Red Arrow,
his White Arrow will
be lethal when it hits.
Once you fire off your Arrow,
you won't have time
to prepare another one
if you want to deflect mine.
That means you'll have to
use your Wings to escape,
if you want to live.
But using your Wings would
be cheating, wouldn't it?
You'd be breaking your
own rule if you did.
It would put you
in a moral bind.
You, you're the one
who's done plenty of
underhanded things.
You've acknowledged it's
Red's turn to shoot.
Firing your own Arrow
would be underhanded.
And why is that, exactly?
Did I suggest I would
be shooting first?
The rules were: One
shoots an Arrow,
the other one gets to respond.
Deflecting isn't
the only defense.
There were no restrictions
on how quickly either contestant
could fire that second Arrow.
As long as I don't shoot first,
I'm still obeying the rules.
Of course you could flee,
which would allow Red to win.
I'd be fine with that.
I seriously doubt
you'll stand your ground
and let yourself be
hit with his Red Arrow.
Are you still talking?
Go stick your feet in a
coffin and shut up already!
I said I wouldn't run.
Don't make me say it again.
I won't run, either.
I already decided I wouldn't.
And I won't do
anything underhanded.
It's unlike you to
stick to the rules,
but if you're saying
you'll fight fairly,
I'm pleased to hear it.
In that case, let's hurry
up and settle this quickly.
Go on and shoot me.
I'm sure you're trying to
come up with a way to win
without using your Wings.
But you can't, can you...
Actually I'm not
thinking about that.
What I am thinking is...
Am I fighting the real
Metropoliman, or someone else?
[stunned breath]
What?
What the hell would
make you ask that now?
I've got a White
Arrow in my hand
and I'm pointing it at you.
Red!
I'm 99% sure that's
Metropoliman!
I know you are.
But that's not 100%, is it?
And if it's not 100%,
we might have a problem.
[happy giggles]
What's he doing?
Is he stalling for time?
No.
He pretends he's
not sure of himself.
But he's always actually...
[intense instrumental music]